hey guys so I am back with my install of
this mck Eurasian curly hair and oh my
god my nose it just you guys like we
need to take a moment and give thanks
for this hair like seriously this hair
is so freakin gorgeous and I love it so
much this is by far the best curly hair
I've had like aliexpress hair I thought
that curly hair was good but now that I
know how curly hair supposed to be this
hair right here is the real MVP okay
like I've had this hair in for a week so
I want to give good time to like
actually come with some type of
information about this hair before
coming on here and with my install you
saw this hair in my best friend tag I do
it my best friend last week and you'll
y'all like this curly hair is freaking
gorgeous like it's so soft like I don't
understand how soft curly hair could be
I haven't detangled this hair yet like I
do it my hands cuz that's all you need
like you don't need no comb or like
leave-in conditioner like all I do is
just G tangle it like this and the curls
are frickin gorgeous I haven't had to go
wash this hair again so I'm gonna be
doing this this week but usually with
the other curly hair I had I had to co
wash it every two days I have not done
that yet and this hair is still really
bouncy and soft like it's crazy
let me just go ahead and get into the
specs again so this hair is like I said
the MC k7a eurasian curly hair I have it
in the inches of 20 22 and 24 with a 16
inch closure and I am freaking in love
I'm gonna show you a closer shot and
this closure is laid like I'm loving the
closure so much I'm just loving this
overall hair like I just cannot stress
how awesome this hair has been but yet
at night um all I do is put a pineapple
on top of my head with the hair and like
lay my edges down with my scarf and then
sometimes I won't even put a bonnet on
and I'll wake up and just let the hair
go and just shake and it's good to go
like that's how awesome this hair is and
I'm just like I did not know this is how
curly hair supposed to be for real for
real because if this is how it's
supposed to be then that L Express hair
does not compare so if anybody asks out
of which curly hair I like the best it's
definitely about to be this one because
this hair acts like it's my real hair
like it's so soft and bouncy and then
the curls are still defined because I
haven't Co washed the hair since I first
got there so this is by far the best
curly hair I've ever experienced between
the three pairs I've used yeah it's no
like literally it was probably
two strands that came out and that's it
like I just I'm just like I just don't
understand why this hair is so good like
I don't get it
like I am literally in love and I just
love how big and awesome and I look how
big this hair is and but it doesn't make
my head look big like I love this curly
hair so much and I love the pattern ever
like I love how spirally the curly hair
is and all of
and I will be posting how I get this
hairstyle for you guys tomorrow cuz it I
just haven't been on it with my my
postings I know because one week I was
like sick
from time so yeah like I just get really
sick during that time of the month and
then my best friend came to town so I
didn't have time to film besides when I
did a beat BFF tag and then I kind of
work during the day so it's like I need
to buy some lights for real for real so
that I can make videos when I have time
which is at night I just need to come on
here and finally do this install show
and tell and one week update review for
you guys because this hair is the bomb
like if you were wondering if you should
get it or not I definitely think y'all
should I know I've only had this hair in
for a week but I can already tell this
is gonna be some really nice hair
because it has been no problems like
usually with curly hair I thought that
you would have to detangle it everyday
but this hair I have not detangled like
gone through with the comb like I like I
said I finger out the curls and pull but
all I do is put water on this hair and
that's it I take the water it's warm
water and I just go like this through
the hair to style it and that's it like
this is all I do
that's all I do and that's it then it
stays great the whole day like it
doesn't tangle I don't have to like
reapply taupe for water or anything for
two for it to look shiny like this hair
just has a nice Sheen to it and then I
do have some of my edges out so that I
can do style such as my spice girl hair
style so yeah that's all I have to say
on this video right now I'm definitely
in love with his hair
I just cannot stress how much I love
this hair that's all I have to say so
thanks so much for watching if you have
any questions feel free to comment down
below if you have any other video
suggestions you would like me to do as
far as hair or any other type of videos
please cover it down below as well or
inbox me email me any questions you may
have all of that because I'm here for
you guys
so thanks so much for watching you don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe bye